.TH VULTURE-UNNETHACK 6 "March 2011"
.SH NAME
vulture-unnethack \- play unnethack using a mouse-driven isometric graphical interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vulture-unnethack
[\-d \fIdirectory\fR] [\-n] [\-p \fIprofession (role)\fR] [\-r \fIrace\fR] [\-D] [\-X] [\-u \fIplayername\fR]

.B vulture-unnethack
[\-d \fIdirectory\fR] \-s [\-v] [\-p \fIprofession (role)\fR] [\-r \fIrace\fR] [\fIplayer_name\fR] [\fIOPTION\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Vulture 2.2.100 is an enhanced, highly graphical window port (user
interface) for UnNetHack 3.5.3. It adds a lot of eye candy and multimedia to the
game while keeping the original gameplay of UnNetHack.

Here's a brief list of features:

High-res, 32-bit isometric graphics with real-time lighting 

Customizable digitized sound effects 

Symphonic soundtracks

Mouse-driven interface (keyboard play also works)

HTML manual 

Command-line options are the same as UnNetHack:

.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIdirectory\fR
Use the given directory as the playground. Help files, top scorers and saved games are stored in this directory.
This must be the first argument, if specified.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
Suppress news from the administrator.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIprofession\fR
Set your character's profession.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR \fIrace\fR
Set your character's race.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR
Start the game in wizard mode. You cannot switch to a normal game while
wizard mode is active, and your score will not be listed in the top scores.
You need to be root to enter wizard mode. Normal users will get explore mode instead.
.TP
\fB\-X\fR
Start the game in explore mode. You cannot switch to a normal game while
explore mode is active, and your score will not be listed in the top scores.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR \fIplayer_name\fR
Set your character's name.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
Display top scores for the current version of NetHack, filtered by
professions, races or player names if specified.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Display top scores for all versions. Should immediately follow \fB-s\fR.

.SH "AUTHORS"

Daniel Thaler, <daniel@dthaler.de>

Clive Crous, <clive@crous.co.za>

Based on Falcon's Eye by:
Jaakko Peltonen, <jaakko dot peltonen at hut dot fi>

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"

Report Vulture-specific bugs to Clive Crous and
NetHack bugs to <nethack-bugs@nethack.org>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

NetHack is documented in \fBnethack(6)\fR.

The full documentation for Vulture is maintained in HTML at
/usr/share/doc/vulture/manual/index.html

The Vulture project page is http://darkarts.co.za/project/vulture

The NetHack project page is http://www.nethack.org

The UnNetHack project page is http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/unnethack/

